hello and welcome to my kitchen I am
chef Diane DiMeo and today I am making a
bond me sandwich which basically is a
Vietnamese style sandwich first I'm
going to get my chicken out and as I
always say safety is your best friend
gloves on chicken out I like to use by
the way chicken thighs why because
chicken thighs retain a lot of moisture
and it's nice and yummy whereas chicken
breasts they dry out too chicken thigh
skin this bonus the best after I get my
chicken in there and want to get lots of
lots of garlic always garlic rocks your
breath might not fit sure does taste
good when it's going in another garlic
in here so we're doing about two garlic
cloves a tad bit of sesame seed oil when
I say tad bit I mean about two
tablespoons we will use my fish sauce
which is missing about three dashes
which is about I don't know one and a
half tablespoons and that's it a little
salt Matt one teaspoon salt give it a
good mix and now we're just gonna set it
aside to let it marinate generally
speaking you want to let meats marinate
for about I'd say minimum a half an hour
make sure it's in the refrigerator so it
doesn't get any food poisoning or you
don't get sick good next we're moving on
to carrots but the secrets I like about
making some type of pickled carrot or
carrot salad is I always use a vegetable
peeler I get nice shavings and if I get
it into the bowl we're actually gonna do
something
there you go they don't need much
because we're really just making one
sandwich watch how easy this is I mean
seriously
a little bit of rice wine vinegar give
it a little dabble to give it that nice
paste and salt that's it
set that aside let it rest I already
have my cilantro it's been washed
I always keep my herbs after I wash them
in a wet paper towel and I put it in a
ziplock bag in the refrigerator they can
stay there for about two weeks always
make sure you keep changing out the wet
paper towel fresh cilantro leaves I'm
not fussy I like my stems stems are
super tasty I can really can't stand
when they sit then they pick the leaves
off which is you leaves no cilantro is
delicious when you use the whole piece
let's get cooking now and get that
chicken on the stove so I've got my pan
nice and hot I like using a iron skillet
because it really chars the meat and a
little stupid that I have even though
meat will caramelize by itself I've just
top it off a little bit of sugar so it
kind of seals in the juices and then it
gets really nice and crispy and brown on
the outside so a little oil in there
this pan is hot it's already smoking you
don't want to waste time and I don't
want to live in the fire
look at the nice carmelization of going
on the districting that sugar really
adds to it
don't be afraid of the fire at home you
always want to make sure the flame is
nice and hot scaring is good this is
about ready
here we go
bread you can use any bread that you
want brioche sandwich roll I prefer to
use French bread or Italian bread so I
use this and sometimes if I need to
crisp it up I just put in the oven it's
very simple we're gonna go here very
carefully cut it open the first thing I
like to do with my sandwich is make sure
that you kind of fold it open so it
looks like a we're a little butterfly
put it down I'm gonna get a slather on
one end of it a beautiful sriracha mayo
I like a lot I'm gonna put enough next
I'm gonna get my beautiful chicken liver
pate mmm the other side of that bad boy
then I will layer some chicken on the
inside of that nice couple of pieces put
it on a nice bias which actually just
means diagonally and start to load it in
I just want to eat this all right now it
smells so good pal then fresh sprigs of
cilantro going right in there some
facing that way some facing this way and
of course top it off with my pickled
carrots now that's the sandwich
close it up smush it in there we go get
it onto my plate
as always garnished gauger scars
aesthetics come first and then the taste
we love kimchi and kimchi loves us we're
gonna get some right here on the plate
pal let's get some more right here on
the other side nice garnish and that's
it this is the Vietnamese style sandwich
it is a chicken bon May with some
chicken liver pate and delicious pickled
carrots the key thing to eating a bon me
sandwich for any sandwich as far as I'm
concerned is getting all the flavors and
one single bite not that my mouth is big
enough to do it but we're sure gonna try
and also every single ingredient tastes
great on its own here we go yeah it's go
oh okay so right there in that one mouth
oh I got the acidity that carrots from
the brine and the vinegar cilantro
kicked right in there that pate smooth
creamy and livery YUM sriracha mayo
little bump there from my burn and the
bread soft but crispy on the outside and
of course how can I forget the chicken
altogether
I can just say yes and delicious if you
want to learn how to make this super
delicious and easy pate click right here
and if you want to make this yummy
delicious hot sriracha mayo and click
here five for one I'm gonna go back to
eating my sandwich and if you haven't
already subscribed do so and you'll get
more recipes like this every single week
ciao today we are making fresh homemade
pate this is actually the greatest
recipe ever